add fusion-related callouts to deprecated flags (#8769)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/parsing.md

sidebar: "Parsing"
---

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> :::info Not supported in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Deprecated flags in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />
```
